Enable docs build with sphinx (#1517)
theupdateframework/tuf: docs/api/api-reference.rst

API Reference
=====================

TUF provides multiple APIs:

* The low-level :doc:`tuf.api` provides access to a Metadata file abstraction

>   that closely follows the TUF specification and the file format: This API

Reviewer: We might make this more concrete by linking to the part of the specification the Metadata API models here?
```suggestion
  that closely follows the TUF specification's [document formats](https://theupdateframework.github.io/specification/latest/#document-formats): This API
```

  handles de/serialization to and from files and makes it easier to access
  and modify metadata content safely. It is purely focused on individual
  pieces of Metadata and provides no concepts like "repository" or "update
  workflow".

> * The client update workflow is implemented in the :doc:`tuf.ngclient` module: It is

Reviewer: Similarly here, map directly to the spec?
```suggestion
* The [client update workflow](https://theupdateframework.github.io/specification/latest/#detailed-client-workflow) is implemented in the :doc:`tuf.ngclient` module: It is
```
